stories from seven worlds one planet on
the BBC earth podcast seven worlds one
planet is about the wildlife of each
continent on the earth each content has
a very different personality I would say
and the animals that lives there
represent that the BBC Earth podcast is
back
it is like there's a little tiny forest
glistening emerald green right at your
fingertips with more stories from every
corner of our wild world they were
magical things that we could never
possibly have encounters we'll take you
behind the scenes in some extraordinary
locations crazy environment of organisms
that can't live anywhere else and make
some very unusual friends that every
once in a while you'll meet a bold
octopus who wants to play with you
stories from seven worlds and beyond on
the BBC earth podcast subscribe on Apple
pod casts a cast or wherever you get
your podcasts